README.md, before:

# eLofi

## Welcome to `Studying and chilling` zone

Here you can manage your workspace as you like settings colors, backgrounds, musics and timers as you wish!

I wrote it on JavaScript, using only React.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302462-612b26cc-4e22-42ea-8778-6d84bf67e732.png)


In left corner you can see interesting panel, when you hover on it, it opens and provide you a bunch of stuff:
- Info about me:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302567-1bee6e6a-fc0d-4154-ba58-8b599b19b42a.png)
- Music manager:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302568-b353f66c-1c8b-4394-811e-02d052f6343c.png)
- Backgound manager:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302570-36f55d75-946a-4c99-96d9-b184092cf796.png)
- Color manager:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302573-841bbe3a-dd93-4197-9260-c1d686234bed.png)
- Timer:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302575-9a3f0d09-9c27-4702-a198-66095478190f.png)

In right corner you can see `Play` button, click on it and listen inspiring music:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302638-3f47de45-4764-4804-b6ec-4d802006a1a3.png)

-----

There is a several goals, which I am going to solve, to provide a really good place for `Studying and chilling`:
- Fix music. It works only by clicking on the button `Play` in right corner. In main panel with music I have some bugs i'm going to fix)
- Make that page public, with some domain.
- Add sounds when timer is up.
- Make more fluent interfaces for timer, background manager, sound manager etc)

Commit message:

update README, add yarn conf

README.md, after:

# eLofi

## Welcome to `Studying and chilling` zone

Here you can manage your workspace as you like settings colors, backgrounds, musics and timers as you wish!

I wrote it on JavaScript, using only React.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302462-612b26cc-4e22-42ea-8778-6d84bf67e732.png)


In left corner you can see interesting panel, when you hover on it, it opens and provide you a bunch of stuff:
- Info about me:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302567-1bee6e6a-fc0d-4154-ba58-8b599b19b42a.png)
- Music manager:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302568-b353f66c-1c8b-4394-811e-02d052f6343c.png)
- Backgound manager:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302570-36f55d75-946a-4c99-96d9-b184092cf796.png)
- Color manager:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302573-841bbe3a-dd93-4197-9260-c1d686234bed.png)
- Timer:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302575-9a3f0d09-9c27-4702-a198-66095478190f.png)

In right corner you can see `Play` button, click on it and listen inspiring music:  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43857227/218302638-3f47de45-4764-4804-b6ec-4d802006a1a3.png)

-----
### Launch

0. Open terminal, go to the root of project
1. `yarn` or `npm install`
2. `yarn dev` or `npm run dev`
3. *Using `yarn@^1.22.19` and `npm@^9.5.1`


-----

There is a several goals, which I am going to solve, to provide a really good place for `Studying and chilling`:
- Fix music. It works only by clicking on the button `Play` in right corner. In main panel with music I have some bugs i'm going to fix)
- Make that page public, with some domain.
- Add sounds when timer is up.
- Make more fluent interfaces for timer, background manager, sound manager etc)
